How do you feel about the flexibility of this CBE course which allows you to progress at your own speed?
I'd rather all the modules be open so I don't have to wait for my stuff to be graded before moving on to the next module. I'm not a traditional student, so when I have a full day to dedicate to working on the class, I can't utilize all my time since the modules are locked.

How do you feel about the lack of due dates? Would it help you if each module had a due date?
I think a pacing guide would be helpful, but otherwise I like how it has been going. I thought I was ahead, but when you emailed the class and said where we should be to be on track, I was surprised to learn I was on track, and not ahead. It would be nice to have a pacing guide, but I don't think due dates are necessary.

How do you feel about having to pass every assignment at 90%?
No problem. I think it ensures students know the material. I teach CTE classes, so I understand how important it is to understand a concept before building on it. The nature of the class makes this setup work.

How do you feel about having unlimited attempts to retake a quiz or redo an assignment?
I like it. I offer this for most of my students at the high school level. I like how the quizzes pull from a question bank so you don't always have the same questions. I'm also somewhat of a perfectionist, so this allows me to do things right and people who don't care about that as much don't worry about it.

Have you taken advantage of the unlimited attempts to get a better score? How do you think this affected your learning?
I think I am remembering the facts about internet history more. It has also made my technical vocabulary more accurate. I feel like I know the concepts, but redoing the quizzes helps me refine my vocabulary.

Have you failed an assignment in this course and had to redo it?
Not yet
-How did you feel about the feedback that was provided? n/a
-How did this experience affect your learning? n/a

Are you confident that you will complete all the units by the end of the selester?
Yes

Have you ever recieved help from the student tutors? If so, how was you experience?
I asked a question about a quiz. Dr. Cheney answered faster than the tutor but only by a day or so. The tutor gave me her best guess on how to answer the question, but especially for being a quiz so early on in the course I thik she should have responded with a more concrete answer (even if it took her an extra day to research the answer). I still think that question is worded oddly and unclear as to what it is asking. "HTML5 added a new tag for the menu items. Please complete the missing code for this menu bar." Now that I know the answer is nav it makes sense, but for some reason I didn't equate nav with menu items. Maybe a slight rewording would help? "HTML5 added a new tag for the navigation menu items. Please complete the missing code for this navigation bar."


What is one thing we can do to improve this course.
1. Let all the modules be worked on, don't lock them. Or maybe change it to 3 are open instead of 2. I have odd days where I can work on the course and sometimes I make it through my 2 units and can't continue because I'm waiting for grading.

2. Watch for comments back from students if you leave a comment on an assignment. I got some feedback on one of my assignments and I asked a question back, but nothing has been responded to. Even if I don't lose points for what the feedback was, I'd like to make sure I understand the concept.